we'll accept it hello everyone and
welcome to this week's episode of League
weekly it is August 14th and as we're
doing this we have finished the the
final promotion tournament state Maxim
subscribed and we are about to go into
the LCS playoffs and it is Monday and
we're live on Twitch and everything's
great let me go ahead and introduce all
of my colleagues on the show first off
we got Emily Rand from beautiful Los
Angeles California how's it going Emily
oh pretty well I actually was not there
for the promotion tournament this
weekend because I was covering the
overwatch World Cup in San Monaco which
was actually really fun cool nice how
did you enjoy overwatch World Cup
compared to you know because it's
definitely like it's a lot different I
don't really think there's like any sort
of one-to-one comparison and be mean but
it was really cool to talk to like every
single White House to was really open
like and forthright about you know how
they started over why they think the
game and stuff like that so it was just
really cool to talk to a lot of the pros
and semi-pros are there especially with
all the chatter that's been going on so
for watch sneak itself go like right
before the right before this stage
started actually with when c9 announced
that they had the London squad so yeah
that was kind of like looming over
everything that was going on so yeah it
was actually really fun and I'll have a
bunch of stuff coming up this week on it
as well as other things when we could
legit so yeah I'm going to try and
figure out why we're lagging xsplit says
that we're not dropping frames but I
will double-check just in case and if
you're having trouble with connectivity
before I would not be surprised if that
is resulting in the lag as well yeah
like X which is having issues or
whatever yeah
um sorry everyone for the slow start to
the show I was excited I want to go to
overwatch League thing but I couldn't
miss work however no it was iOS like it
was really fun like a I was actually
surprised that since them I think a lot
of it has to do with the average age of
overwatch players is like a little bit
older so maybe they like even if they
black media experience they're a little
bit like I guess poised I know I was
really surprised that there were at
least like one or two people on every
team that were very it appeared like
they had media training their verbal
spoken stuff like that
so I'm part of that might just be like I
feel like shooter game players in
general are like on the spectrum of
gamers further to the not nerdy side
just like generally Cod players Team
Fortress 2 players like most of those
guys who I've met have all been like
csgo players a lot less nerdy in general
but what about the II girls I don't know
I can't comment on the e girl scene for
those respective eSports all right
next and marks already been talking as
I've been trying to figure out the lag
issues but mark how's your week been
pretty good I cast the promo attorney
yeah well we'll get into that in just a
second but overall fun turnings can't
cast or was it a pain was that I said it
was it an overall fun tournament to cast
or was it a pain it was kind of fun not
as fun as the last promo tourney just
because it felt like last time GC was
super close and you thought they might
do it and then this time around it that
you thought they're going to be good
again and then they got destroyed by
United and United not like competitive
versus Team Liquid so it tuned I didn't
think it's going to be close on the
final day and it wasn't you know well
we'll get into that again just in a
second and then we've got Kelsey Moser
from I all said Brazil I don't know why
from Berlin how's it going on Kelsey
not bad we had the final week review
elfia
China's so going on I just wanted to
briefly introduce people to this is my
microphone yes I do own one it's not my
microphones fault it's my voice just
stuff I'm sorry
well I think it's you said it was the
apartment you're in it's really the
apartment is also like the room is
really large okay what any product is
closer yeah you just held it right here
yeah hold it close to my face yeah yeah
help they don't really get anything it
does well I mean that's why I have the
boom like I have that same microphone
and on this thing which is unreasonable
cuz you travel a lot but I do think
maybe if we figure out a way to get as
close here to you it'll be better but
also energy on the room especially I
guess better generally just any time
you're going to talk just like lean down
and talk into the microphone
hopefully here I just uh yeah all right
well we are already running late because
twitch decided to should itself so let's
move into the first topic which was of
course the North American LCS CS final
promotion/relegation tournament casted
by Mark Zimmerman that all this weekend
I think that's the official title for it
and Mark you already kind of preface
this but not a very exciting tournament
or not a very exciting weekend no I mean
the games themselves were like pretty
low level uh people would take like
scaling comps and then get like stuff
good Inc soft in the early game and they
continue to play mid game aggressive
before they've actually power spiked and
like lose fights it was just like all
around relatively ugly gameplay no new
teams made it in p1 made it through and
like won a series just off like multiple
series really just offer you hulking out
and I'm not looking great as a team and
I mean the most embeddable thing was
like the special thing and then other
than that it was yeah it's just not a
very interesting part of it and it kind
of I guess is I don't know how you guys
feel with it being the last promo
attorney would you have rather seen it
go out with a bang where it's like oh my
god what a great tournament or would you
rather see it kind of go out with a
whimper like it kind of did yeah I mean
I think and we
don't hit Emily oh no I was just going
to say like so I would have rather had
and and this was coming from someone who
like I'll be upfront I wasn't able to
watch most of the games just because I
was at overwatch for a couple weekends
on but I would have so personally I
would have rather seen it go out with
the bangs like some really good games
but then challenger has always been this
really weird thing in general but I
don't necessarily feel like was
developed as well as it could have been
or promoted as well as it could have
been and I end up even the series this
past split where um we had like
obviously a lot of yeah well that but
like you guys didn't have enough
broadcast talent to like cover the games
anymore and stuff like that like it just
kind of it already seemed like it's
going out with a whimper before this
specific promotion tournament even began
hopefully you don't take offense of that
work but like it was a fitting and I
guess to this specific character but
yeah if that makes any sense yeah
absolutely I feel like they kind of
because I was part of like the you know
the team as they're setting up the
schedules like all right so we're going
to increase the number of games like
best of this that means we can't cover
all them so we'll just build something
so some teams get some representation
and then the Delta Fox thing happened
and they're like fuck this is like one
of the most hype things to happen you
know regardless of whether that's
actually going to be like good games the
storyline is at least like oh my God my
favorite streamers after they were kind
of trying to set it up to be less
covered and that's when everyone wants
the most coverage so that was kind of
weird as well as the fact that there's
like the writing on the wall that the
Promotora knee doesn't super matter and
some sense this time around and then the
games themselves work it just felt like
yeah yeah I actually so I was thinking
about this earlier I'm actually okay
with I going out with a whimper because
I'm curious about your take on this mark
but I start but how long has it been
since we had a promotion team get in a
last year with slightly finals today oh
yeah yeah yeah they got
with cloud nine Challenger they could be
in a year so it's been Angela this
summer okay that is more recently than I
have thought I guess it just feels weird
to whenever I think like list it feels
like they've always been in the LCS
because they're a bunch of players who
are on the LCS but I do
seeing spring and summer it makes me
wonder it like let's say challenger
wasn't going away do you think a team
could have qualified in for spring next
year or summer like this is kind of the
point is that I feel like Challenger was
going to be kind of dead anyway because
I think LCS is getting good enough in
enough infrastructure and they're
picking up you know like if there's good
talent and if you can't fit on a team
and then you just get them anyway and
you put them on on the bench or whatever
so that's less talent that's available
for Challenger so then challengers
started having to reach further and
further across oceans to get talent and
I just feel like you weren't going to
see a situation where teams were
qualifying in anytime soon anyway which
really just makes that whole situation
feel worthless so I don't mind seeing a
kind of boring final tournament because
it just in my mind justifies the
elimination of this thing anyway
yeah I I agree for the most part just
because these teams that United in GCU
they were like pretty legitimate teams
in terms of like they got imports to the
best they could with their native
players they had coaching staffs they
like for the most part were not that
separate from LCS teams in terms of
resources and effort it's just you know
they're playing in a league that's not
as competitive it's probably hard to get
scrims stuff like that so for whatever
or does feel like it'd be better just to
like expand the LCS if you want to
include things like GCU and tempo storm
or whatever the hell and like Emily was
saying the Challenger series itself has
never been exactly what it was supposed
to be yeah so use it either way it's
like it's kind of failing at what it
wants to do it's not super interesting
anymore at this point because it feels
like oh candy and mad life or down here
what the fuck yeah mark why do you think
that the tournament was so bad
I think well
for two reasons I feel like a lot of
players hearts weren't really in it I
think on p1 you could kind of like those
guys were like just super down the whole
weekend even when they were winning and
stuff like that I think Team Liquid was
the only team with any sort of like
excitement at all in their players like
when they won they kind of popped off
but p1 was not that way United when they
BGC was not like super like whoohoo I I
don't know and it's hard to say exactly
why it was that way but it was yeah yeah
Kelsey you were going to say something I
think right I was just going to say to
your point Travis even the fact that c9c
was the team that got in and it's just a
established org they already had
established players but came from org so
it's kind of like still seeding into
what was already existing yep yeah all
right well that's the promotion
tournaments the final one but one
interesting thing that popped up so at
the start of the week and I tweeted
something like you know this might be
one of the highest prize pools in the
legends history because if you qualify
in you get to your franchise team or a
you know NBA or NFL or whatever team
pays you 3 million to move on which is
significant this then was kind of
clarified you know there were several
different people that came out to say
hey that's not how this works kids and
this is kind of weird to me whenever the
announcement happened that franchising
was coming what I heard was that if a
team enters the LCS to franchising and
was not previously part of it they have
to pay 3 million in to compensate teams
that are leaving so I always thought
that this was like a direct one-to-one
swap like all right Phoenix won you're
not in the LCS anymore because the San
Diego Padres entered the LCS you now get
3 million as compensation for the fact
that you invest into this thing and now
you're not part of it but then something
interesting happened where people
started to say that it was actually
pooled all these three millions that
come
you know whether it's one or multiple go
into a pool and then that split across
challenger teams and League teams and
the person who specifically tweeted this
at me was Chris Greely who is the Riot
Games league operations discipline lead
so yeah specifically he wrote all non
applying slash not picked CS and LCS
teams get a piece of a bull funded by
three million dollar fees LCS worth more
and payouts so when I asked if there was
more information they said providing
more context teams so it just makes the
whole thing more confusing in my mind so
I can try and provide some clarity if
you would like him to yes so free
quantitative it all up because I think
where the initial confusion came from
was they kept saying LCS teams have to
pay three million less but it also
included being they never explicitly
said that anywhere so like if you are a
part of the League of Legends
competitive eSport ecosystem you would
not have to pay that extra three million
dollars you just pay the ten and anyone
who is trying to invest or like create a
team that is not currently in the system
would pay the 13 million so you'd be
saving three million people thought that
meant that if you made it into LCS you
need not pay three million less that was
not the case ever and then the way this
thing works is you are picked to make it
into the LCS from I understand you get
some kind of like severance package
which I was like thanks dude here's you
know your money for not getting picked
here's like your little payout and
however much you may not have and you
were to like the ecosystem as a whole in
some weird way so like if you're
reunited like you've been here for a
year or something and they like I don't
know if there's equations or math or if
it's guess Tim it's exactly how it has
but that's what that results in your
payout and anyone who comes in outside
the space that three million goes into
that pool that like it's not a set rate
we're like every team who doesn't make
it makes X amount yeah if you were in
the else like let's say Phoenix one gets
kicked out they've been in the ALCS for
like a year and a half their payout
would much most likely be much larger
than he United who's been in Challenger
Series for only a year
wailing those blocks around like a man a
strip club and throws cash at Aldo
overran LCS and CS owners that are
getting character I said this seems like
very like last week we talked about six
and applying them and League of Legends
so knowing the algorithm or formula this
seems like so much worse when their
teams kind of trying to save large
amounts of Kentucky heat so in the
theoretical possible world where TSM
don't make it in that just shrink the
pools all literally now guinea ash in
for like 15 million dollars they're like
get me out of here we're done yeah yeah
yeah I think it's it's an interesting
breakdown because I also find it
interesting that they conveniently and
sold the promotion tournament was
basically over and they just let people
can change believing it's like I am
promotion tournament is so hype there's
actually like three million dollar prize
for being top two and there's like
actually no it probably doesn't change
that much path that you get but thanks
for playing
I'm glad you will watch this tournament
it's very confused so a twitch chat is
telling us that certain people sound
like robots and certain people don't and
I asked is it still happening and I saw
yes no yeah not at the moment it's not
that often fine now and then people
making great emojis of pain so I don't
know I don't know what to do alright
sound like no you don't sound like it to
any of us none of us how much RAM you
sound like a robot which is just losing
its mind today I think it's what's
happening like yeah all right they don't
like our show they have lowered the
bandwidth that Travis is shows it was
output they're trying to phase us out
early shaking
they're all robots okay I'm going to
restart the stream how about we restart
the call too while we're at it that's
I'm going to yeah so we'll be right back
you could only go to Mexico
yeah all right so we're straight oh
we're back Mexico City allowed us to
stream let's Thank You Mexico City you
know what it probably is it is American
ISPs throttling you Travis
in Mexico letting you over the border or
something I don't know where I'm going
with this all right
I did do it we're no closer yeah so
anyway we were talking about the
promotion tournament the payouts and how
much is awarded to different teams I
don't know if we had any opinions on
this other than that it's kind of
interesting I'm curious to find out more
about how the system works and yeah I
really just wanted to point out that it
it was conveniently the details were
conveniently just kind of muddied until
the end of promotion I feel like for the
express purpose of increasing like the
interest in promotion which isn't bad
but I think it's interesting I don't I
don't think it they were muddy so that
promotion interest would increase I
think they were muddy because they
probably don't have a very good answer
and how they're going to do the stuff
yet potentially true right right in
every western hyping it up I
I mean I just feel like they were hyping
it up like people were hyping it up like
the three million thing well before this
weekend and it was only really addressed
as oh well that's not actually true
until maybe the second day of the
tournament or yeah it was the final day
frequent on the desk and finally like
laid out how it's supposed to work and
that was more of like his personal
decisions he was like can I please just
clarify like exactly no not here
yeah all right I mean it oh no so since
a it does seem like regardless
franchising was kind of looming over
this entire tournament anyway which I
think may have also possibly affect the
gameplay quality you would think it
would increase the gameplay quality what
would help
yeah you would think there'd be less
pressure or something you had less
pressure or maybe like the owners all
want had a lot of resources in to make
sure they end because like if you are a
United or a gold coin United which by
the way why were there two United teams
understand anywhere last tournament to
Travis yeah I know but it's just so not
like GC is all their investment went
into the video that was very alive in my
opinion like designed to impress right
in some way say we have marketing yeah
whoo I can't believe they like I was
more impressed with the fact they
managed to corral all those players into
doing that yeah well we can all
appreciate our former colleague Rachel
from Yahoo yes she was consulting good
job Rachel all right
over radio ninjas in pyjamas Kelsey was
operating an IP so it was really
interesting we can do LPS to close the
week it was very there are a lot of
weird games but even in the games that
weren't weird the games that were for
feeding like the first day fanatics in
g2 came in and they played volunteer
teams in their group they played rukka
and ni people and both of them lost so
that automatically gave fnatic deceit
even though theoretically of g2 had
beaten rocket they could Bend deep to
Maddux to get first Libra player in the
week so it didn't ended up not mattering
because ball team's loss of fnatic just
automatically got first
but because ni p1 and Rockette 1 and
then later on we had unicorns of love
Christmas fatality and h2k vs monkey so
h2k was the only team that managed to
beat a bottom 14 the only top 4 team
that managed to actually compete a
bottom 14 and then so people were
talking about now how much better ni p
is the mysterious monkeys and i think it
has a lot to do is the fact that h2k
managed to defeat mysterious monkeys
when you go into the week yeah there was
some speculation that and i PR a bit
better at this point but mostly people
are saying the yeah they're roughly
equal i think we'll see some challengers
teams get into LCS and if they aren't
like doing that well but then suddenly
because ni p just happened to be fnatic
people are really really rating energy
highly
I think that people aren't really
looking at the circumstances under which
these victories happened and are
suddenly kind of on this like weird ni p
hype train so I thought it was an
interesting topic to address so how much
of this was Nikko the Pico being the
greatest coach that ever existed you can
read a very long and interesting
interview that Kelsey had do so
engrossing I thought you said
embarrassing interview like Kelsey's
like I don't where I mean I don't know
how you read it it's a little
embarrassing I mean I'm not going to
editorialize being yeah because did you
give me a recap okay so you guys are
probably aware of the whole Nico the
Pecos fanatic situation that happened so
she has this long split and IPR kind of
pegged as the origins of the scene like
not expected to anything they end up
winning to series a lot of series they
win is against fnatic so I said okay I
want a Nika the P go interview I come in
to the interview room and then I ask him
like a couple softball questions about
the games and stuff and then I asked him
about a fanatic and he goes on this like
extremely long rant I totally did not
expect it about like his time on fnatic
all the things that happened on fnatic
how he built the team and then all this
other stuff didn't though it's like okay
this is interesting but I mean the gist
of the interview is effectively that
he's all like because of the strong
personalities on fnatic and the fact
that Justice had experience as a coach
which by the way he brought up like five
times throughout the interview and so as
amazing was on the team for a bit they
had reckless he said that because of
this like there wasn't really a need for
a coach on that team and he had more of
like a time management role and he feels
like if he had stayed with the team
regardless they would be in the same
position now so basically saying that
you know there's no difference between
them having a coach and I'm not having a
coach which you can easily make a case
for because their results actually
drastically improved when he left but
and they had no coach for a while so I
think like this is like his entire thing
was but reason why he was kicked from
the team kind of is that they lost to
rock at rocket had this really long win
streak at the end of spring split and
because fnatic are very proud team they
wanted to make some kind of change it
was after roster lock so he was the only
change that could be made and it was
like not his fault and everything else
so well it's a general drift and then of
course like the somatic Academy misfits
part misfits Academy section he also
talked about and I are kind of misfits
kind of the NIT basically he said that
they had already built a roster that
initially intended to buy OCS spot they
couldn't buy a CS spot so they bought an
LCS spot keep wanted like one of the
weirdest parts was where he said but you
know I would have preferred if we had
bought the misfits Academy spot because
I have a personal relationship with the
fanatic academy players so they they
would you know obviously prefer that I
would have kicked the other place but
yeah um smells a little awkward too but
like that's kind of the gist of it
anyway that actually has nothing to do
with the topic that I brought up but so
anyway the topic that you brought up
which was overrating ni p so what I'm
sorry what was the you explain the whole
circumstances behind what happened this
past weekend are you saying that because
of this people think ni P is better than
they are now yeah I think you're closing
that and I see are better than they
aren't if you go back and you look at
the drafts like you have these
dissolution mid craze that started
because everyone watches lck and also in
to an extent because of Arden sensor
champs like people double ad and yeah
you're in sensor everyone so do you
think do you think this and then we go
Lucian and then you go either Malachi or
at least jungle and then you go ap top
because you're going to Lucy and mid and
so you pick Rumble and then you have no
engage and you lose and I feel like this
was a huge trap but a lot of EU LCS
teams are falling into
just like drafting these rumble cups and
having no engage and against lower tier
teams and I think that was part of why
if you compound that with also the fact
that this week was a little less
significant better minds and they just
assumed they'd probably be pillar two
teams
I think n IPs but a little bit logical
yeah I mean I yeah I assume that the
reason the top teams lost the bottom
teams was probably because they just
didn't worry about them yes I mean I
think that house obviously if you
directly ask them they're not going to
say that right but there's definitely a
sensation but you know we were going to
win and yeah so yeah but the conclusion
this topic is people are probably over
rating an IP I mean that's how I feel
obviously if you guys had watched the
games maybe Emily watch the games as a
kid mom I agree with you I don't maybe
it's just because I've been really down
on ni PE because of their roster since
it was announced I've been meaning to
write that article about fkc players
after they leave SK see that was kind of
inspired by the not initial numbers with
doctor actually but even in the win and
the mysterious monkeys lost I would say
that at least mysterious monkeys have
some sort of like direction and synergy
I'm not going to say that they're a good
team but I think that if I was a
challenger team I would rather play an
IP because I think they still they don't
like to me and maybe this is just my
general bias against that roster so I'll
admit but I already have that personally
but I don't see I still don't see a lot
of coordination from n IP and I think
they really rely on a lot of like a
weird individual
outplays or just kind of situations
where can be very coin flip II I guess
mysterious one things do as well but
again I just get a how both these teams
make long mistakes this is I don't say I
don't feel like I'm making my point very
well but when I look at these two teams
I think that mysterious monkeys at least
have a direction even if they can't
execute it whereas I don't think n IP
have even that it's that people I mean I
think two things that make an idea a
little bit better than monkeys now one
is that I think n IP figured out graft
priority and on the Sun point one five
Simpson point one four patches like way
before a lot of teams if they were not
first prioritizing Calista even before a
lot of the lck teams our first
priorities in close toe so that was like
a big part of how they rock at all so
that they just like picked a lot of
Alistar maokai and do you think age
comps and these more well-rounded team
comps even against misfits like they
gave misfits trouble so I think that's
something that is giving an IP an
advantage another thing that gives an IP
Nana jizz I feel like kick isn't amazing
just kind of do their whole own thing to
be to on mysterious monkeys whereas
shook I feel like is a little bit less
predictable in or he's going to be on
them up and a little bit more
well-rounded and he Q is like really
stepped up in the last few weeks as
opposed to feeling most of mysterious
monkeys rookies have just like kind of
not grown or revolt at all so but that's
why rate and I peel a little bit higher
alright moving on I believe that this is
your topic Kelsie EU personally verse
competition actually Emily's this is my
topic actually so piggybacking on what
we kind of hinted at previously
we'll see if I can pull up I meant to
pull up some of these team compositions
let's see on basically so we have the
final week of you elfia there were some
matchups that teens took a little
more seriously than others we had so for
example in the vitality splice we had
some nice Shaco toplin we had
fiddlesticks we have like people
swapping positions picking up random
champions stuff like that um I think the
you broadcast team did a good job in
like basically saying like this is all
for fun and stuff but in the light of in
light of what a lot of the criticism has
been levied against Europe in terms of
like Oh European teams are boring your
teams have no personality etcetera this
final week maybe it's just because I'm
too serious of a person but it kind of
rubbed me the wrong way a little bit in
terms of like a last-ditch effort to
kind of try to get people to to get like
involved and like oh this is like super
fun look like you know Vlade this
playing vain or whatever um and I don't
know it left a kind of a sour taste in
my mouth personally but I guess that
could also these with I'm too serious I
guess I just want to bring it up because
um I feel like a lot of people are
always like will you is boring they
never do anything fun follow the boss of
this week we did have a couple of teams
that were playing each other in games
that did not matter whatsoever for
standings that just basically picks
random stuff a lot of role swap just for
the fun of it
so I guess I wanted to see how people
felt about first of all the fact that
teams did that in first place
and second of all like what does it mean
in the grand scheme of things especially
given all that we've talked about with
Europe mark you I think are I'm sorry
calcium well yeah but mark I'm really
curious in your opinion about this just
because you previously coached and you
were on the team side so whenever teams
get into games that don't matter how
much should they be tryharding I think
you should still
be tryharding not necessarily in the I'm
going to pick my best shit here and try
and smash try hard mentality but at the
very least in like a well I can try and
learn a little bit more about a cop I
can try some different stuff out let's
go for like let's see if we can play
this like weird style again like let's
say you know it seemed from North
America for example like if I was c9 and
nothing I did matter for my standings
like maybe I try it like one of those
Gallio comps out or something like
something outside my comfort zone and
just try and win like that I'm mostly
with Emily here just because this to me
isn't like oh yeah look how much
personality we have it's like if anyone
locks in dumb shit and role swaps and to
be fair like the dumbest stuff but like
you know yeah that's that's fun but that
doesn't mean like I'm going to watch
your stream or care about like your your
actual team's narrative it's a totally
different situation yeah but I there's
no evidence that they are
I mean North America could have done
this just as easily as here right
there's no evidence that Europe is doing
this because they're like please someone
pay attention to us yeah yeah I mean I I
didn't think it was necessarily that but
I just think it was interesting within
the greater context of a lot of the
criticism has been levied at Europe I
also did see like a couple of na pro
seeing like wow I didn't think this was
allowed even though we have we have seen
like a few situations like that in na
most noticeably via the team o pick
after it was like what what was it like
oh if I get so many of retweets like
we'll play team Oh max boat ride that
you got like 1k we retweets poor guy
because as like a que followers are so
many tools on for him but he uh I think
there are a few things here one is
obviously that I don't think it was
driven by okay people need to watch as
many viewers I think it was again more
driven actually by the personalities of
the players and and I think that the
rocket misses one was driven by rocket
primarily and the fatality slice one was
driven by displays primarily
because even the misfits players were
kind of why the misfits team was kind of
like well we weren't going to but then
rock out we're going to and so it just
kind of feels like you sort of have to
at that point if the other team is doing
it and then so splice also have a
history of doing this kind of thing like
when you would watch them in challenger
if there was games or turrets like they
were just kind of a Diggy you they were
steam rolling everyone and if there was
a five-game series or something and they
knew they would most likely 300
otherwise they would roll swap in sand
cooks would play Vayne I think it's just
I think like it's part of the
personality of that particular gene and
waajid like I did an interview with
Betsy where he said why did both games
came in with a clear idea of what he was
going to play these games you know and
support is a boring role so we just kind
of blend and so I don't know I think it
was just like blowing off steam
and a bunch of other factors that
contributed to these games happening
less than pay attention to us but like
splice it was really weird because last
let splice did it as well but they did
it against h2k and prolly would not let
htk troll so they were playing like
these very serious comps against Lennox
place completely trolling and it was
just a complete and utter disastrous
like one-sided destruction it was a
massacre so I think that that's part of
why like if one team is doing it it's
kind of like the game sucks anyway so
the other team just falls into it as
well yeah I'm the input zodiac sheep
says I kind of feel like end of split
trolling is a little bit of an EU
tradition at least among certain teams
so kind of agreeing with you and this is
a tradition yeah I wouldn't I wouldn't
get like bent out of shape about it as a
viewer or fan or whatever just from like
the coaching perspective I don't I don't
see any upside to it and so I would
probably push for us to like you know
we don't have to be under sent trihard
I'm not going to keep the guys the night
before up till 9:00 p.m. for three hours
prepping pick/ban for this match because
it doesn't matter I'll probably they got
it guys you know we're going to go in
there let's come up with a cop we want
to try and kind of kind of get a little
bit more relaxed into the game but still
at least with a some semi-serious
mindset yeah and I think yeah even for
misfit and splice it feels a bit weird
because they have one week until
playoffs for vitality and rocket they're
completely out like they don't even play
promotion they don't play anything so
they don't care but for splicing misfits
it kind of sucks
so yeah let's move on LCA playoffs more
hype this is the third week in the road
lck playoffs hype I don't know if you
can keep doing this Emily well I've
gotten two people to watch so far so if
if this height segment and makes you
watch in lck game please tweet at Emily
so anyway last last week we had a frico
and fkp which was a to sweep of SKT if
anyone wants to see what a and are a
true ardent sensor rush hall look fresh
um Game one afreeca actually ran this
really interesting idea that they'd
obviously prepped for so not saying like
like a lot of people are like are they
trolling and it's like no they actually
came up with this basically like kind of
cheese strat where a twitch took relic
shield and Jonna had like a GP ten
quints and feels I believe and the idea
is a twitch on a lane that brushes argot
sensor as quickly as possible I know how
the LPL do that they just have their
Lily take ignite and give them first
blood you know it's what I'm more
efficient and like need an effort that
gives them first quad cuz here when I
believe Fred red to blue to his own
gromp the scuttle and then invaded but
with the purpose of they brought Kuro
down and they jinx
poor man versus two man thought and they
killed wolf but the kill went over to
Kuro but anyway yes they had like a
massive gold lead just in that lien from
the strategy and obviously it didn't
work out because fkp kind of spoiled
them they weren't able to get if I like
ahead early enough and even when they
did build the iron sensor quickly they
didn't really use it use it so anyway
the second game is a lot better if you
just want to like a standard game but
huh but I thought that strategy was
interesting even though like it
obviously failed
game the one where faker like wasn't
doing well in lane either like they had
some advantages and stuff or is that the
second game I think you're thank you so
first game where she played Delhi right
I think they blinded Elia yeah he was
getting kind of pooped on a little bit
in curl with Ori I think you did well
and magical things considered because it
was galleon Dorian some point once five
so yeah the victory for Kuro usually
gets shot on by faker listen to it but
yeah so SKT are obviously moving on
they're about to face Samsung which is a
team that has given them a lot of
trouble this year
so that should it like it actually
should be an interesting matchup it'll
be a best-of-five i was unimpressed with
the way it's am fun played against long
do in their final match i actually
thought that long as you made like even
though they kind of came out and
everyone with things like the secret
dominant victory I actually thought both
teams made a lot of mistakes and
especially Samsung like it kind of
turned into Q Bay trying to drag the
team to victory and so it's kind of sad
to watch this actually think YouTube a
pit and like criminally underrated this
possible I think if I look at career
split so but it should be a really
interesting matchup especially since
Samsung have given sk p a lot of trouble
and I don't really think via frico
series was necessarily a showing of what
SKT you can do like at their best so I'm
really just
for a good Vesta five where both teams
play other goods and if that happens it
should be a really great series time
time Christmas it's the World
Championship frontal rematch yeah you
can just gently a lot of that to
anything like that is actually really
cool so whoever wins this wins worlds is
that yeah yep under center well that's
exciting you can skip the next two one
if the rest is you just tuned in to this
match that's really excited all right
no I think it's interesting because
Samsung have been having a lot of
problems with playing around crown and
playing with crown and I don't think I
figured out like the sideline to mid
lane thing yet so yeah should be fun
darts tonight by the way at our what am
I being why I can use we were well I
guess like some early throw morning and
starts at 1:00 o'clock a.m. tonight just
affects if you're watching the vahdat is
already a great plan ten hours yeah okay
good one last week of LPL kelsey this
has got to be there we go yeah and I
just wanted to briefly talk about some
of the storylines and LTO for the final
week because I feel like I mean not many
people care that much about LPL but it's
been kind of exciting
right and it's been really fun to watch
there's going to be like EDG vs w e to
finish off which they've been billed as
the top two teams this entire split rng
has been coming up pretty hard
we've even had I G do pretty well make
some improvements so I think that that's
a really exciting thing to see our and
year just kind of brute forcing
everything and winning really hard like
I don't think a shout who has ever
played as well um and that's really
exciting to see because I feel like
orangey we're not coming into playoffs
looking like this they weren't on the
same page at the start of
Springs so I think maybe having used the
I take some time off so it's really
beneficial for them really helped them
kind of refine themselves so I'm really
excited about this orangey team and so I
don't know I think it's fun if you guys
have some time you should watch some of
the games especially the EDG w/e set
Kelsey which should I if I had you know
like two hours should i watch lck
playoffs which Emily's pushing on me or
should I watch LPL which you're pushing
on me well fortunately they don't
overlap no no I only have two hours you
know I'm very busy being unemployed so I
only have these two hours of time he has
a strict sleeping schedule from midnight
to noon yeah yeah that's the ones during
the day yeah I personally have done more
work while freelancing than I've ever
done in eSports
yeah pretty good what you're not
answering the question
I mean you should I mean no one's going
to tell you that's what I think I feel
like Travis should watch out pls like I
feel like so you would say that for
years you've been like not LPL's got
more drama than people most people I
will say watch lck because the game
quality and all the stuff but I feel
like Travis wants to have fun watching
just like weird and people go at it in
like crazy shit and like the really
overhyped storylines and stuff like this
one I feel like he would have more fun
with appeal I want whatever the WWE
equivalent is a wealth of Lee legends
like that would be that would be great
there you go I think that's help yell
you're covering the wrong region all
this time all right now Oh whatever I
head to China for world for fear I will
just not return how praying what what
sound it's early on there's like IG vs.
EDG this Thursday and then oh yes
speaking of LPL and the WWE twitch at
bringing up the facility thing kelsey
talked to me about your discovery of the
Vasili thing you know your decision to
write it up
your opinions on it I want I want this
added to the topic list okay so I get
paid certain amount of money for
translating Chinese news every once in
awhile and just not proud of myself I
saw this on Weibo I thought you know it
might be interesting it might be
something that gets front page and
people can laugh about it and have some
fun so I translated his waiver post yeah
I feel like you're bearing a lead you're
acting as if it was like any other piece
of news you're I want your reaction rate
it kind of is so you read it and you're
like Vassili is blaming sexual
temptations or what was the phrasing
that you used it was really good and the
way he says the sex sensual pleasures
resulting in drugs yeah that is the best
translation I was looking up the
characters like yeah this is probably
about good so that's a very close
translation to like he was saying and I
mean the thing that I it was kind of
just a normal news post maybe I'm just
to China but it didn't seem like that
weird to me I thought that the West
would think it's funny
I mean how other how many other people
have said sensual pleasures have been
distracting me I mean like in story wise
it's like not that far out there but in
terms of like terminology use its way
out yeah the terminology and also that
somebody would admit this right like I
look we've all been in League of Legends
eSports for a long time we all know
specifically North American players who
you know like they suddenly become
single and then suddenly they follow
every girl on Twitter and then you see
them with different people all the time
and then their performance suffers so I
don't I like this is not it for to all
of us this is not a surprising story but
for me I feel like it's so funny that he
just like comes out and it's not like
can you just imagine one of the NALC it
like a player on TSM let's just use bio
for us because he's the poor victim our
disease gets biopods comes that means
like listen guys I've just been fucking
too much like I just that's why my
support players not been good
it's just bit rough this is the problem
like if you like
so funny Raquel see that L feels so
crazy that this does not surprise you
and it's it it's just a few points of
context here okay so the first point of
point of context is this is like the
fact that girls distract players from
performing well is already a big part of
the dialogue and blbl it's already a big
part of the dialogue it's part it's like
to a lesser extent and na LCS but it has
been brought up right people like the
crumbs made the cute like parody video
whatever but in PL PL san shou did a
much more in depth long mayo about how
if you like it literally translated when
i read someone did a translation of it
if you want to climb you must be
celibate yes I remember everyone that I
was like 2014 or 2015
so quote that yeah it's so easy for
those either because I was in China when
it came out of it and so yeah that's
already part of the dialogue and then
there is like this really kind of crazy
girl culture in the LPL and I don't
really know how much I want to talk
about it but there are a lot of like
girls and players yeah and so yeah I
don't know so it's like not surprising
to me that he would come on and the
second it's the sealy and he was
receiving criticism because he isn't he
hadn't played on a starting out PL team
for a really long time he first got his
debut shot a little a few weeks ago on
newbie and he had apparently done really
well in tryouts
newbee kind of affect their entire Rasul
roster except for Swift and started
playing a bunch of different players and
the roster was looking really good and
then suddenly he's benched they lose a
couple games with owx but then lwx
starts performing really really well so
people are saying okay well the sealy
obviously like had some sort of
breakdown mental breakdown because he's
also like half violent explosions where
he destroys equipment or he's just like
complete nutter garbage or all these
other things that so people are talking
about this because he is kind of a
controversial figure so it's almost like
it's better for him if he gets on wave
because I've been having
much sex right rather than I had a
mental breakdown and I needed time for
my health like if you said I needed time
for my mental health that's almost worse
than like I've had too much sex you know
good well it is kind of funny though
because I feel like China like their
culture is like they even have a word
for it where it's very Henchy where you
don't you don't talk about like a
section you don't talk about that sort
of thing so it's like it's kind of funny
in that context as well but overall like
the fact that it's the sealy the fact
that there are a lot of these like weird
girl problems and this has been like an
ongoing debate in the LPL like teens
don't even want their players to add to
advertise that they have girlfriends
right this is like a big concern I think
that it's not that surprising to me yeah
I just oh this is too fine and I hope
the love I love the dichotomy for you
kelsey of someone who spent so much time
talking about like deep analysis of the
game and then you're like well guess i'm
talking about today how much Vasilis
fucking other women you know like it's
just it's too good I have many challenge
yeah this is this one of those days you
know you should honestly you should come
up with a segment that's just like fun
Friday and every Friday you're just like
well our guys Chinese particle yeah yeah
just the tablet a little bit I wanted to
do like random wave of posts yeah like I
could probably just translate random I'm
a drama it was usually something like
that every week can you in gesture there
was way back in the day when everybody
pretended that World of Warcraft was an
eSport
there's a website called world of Ming
and I will know a I will never forget
world of Ming it was this guy who would
go on these in depth like tabloid drama
things about like what was going on
behind all the scene of the scenes but
then he would also contextualize it as
if it's like a like one of those K
dramas or whatever and say like like his
hobby was brought up
and it not to bring up what you know an
ex-girlfriend on the show but yeah and
and it was just funny to see how he
would be like oh yeah so-and-so is
really excited about Hoffa Chan or a
senpai her senpai is like you know it
just it was so funny that that website
and that's because I could be you Kelsey
that's what I'm getting at this is you
on Friday really world world of Moser
just go into all the station level hands
in glad you guided me in the direction
of my career should take yeah okay all
right moving on how frightening is
patched 7.16 we've been talking about
patches so much recently and how much
they've been affecting and we all were
worried about 714 and then I think we
were all like okay 714 isn't that bad
and then 715 came out and we were like
uh and now we've got 716 on the horizon
hitting mid laners what's up I think the
first thing so this was my topic but I
feel it a little bit strange that
they're hitting mid laners in particular
that they decided that because their
explanation for hitting mid laners was
but the same mid laners are getting
picked over and over again but the
reason for that I don't think is because
some mid laners are just like
ridiculously overpowered it's because
you aren't targeting the mid lane
champion pool right when you're doing
bands you're banning tops running
tumbles you're banning supports so to me
it seems a little weird that they would
decide oh it's a mid you're getting
cooked over and over again well that's
because we're not targeting them because
they're not the problem so I think that
that's a little bit strange other than
that I thought that the patch was
generally kind of nice kind of light
just a few tweaks canned air it just the
direction what a weird I didn't mind
some of the mid lane bands just because
a little while yeah there's like not
enough focus I guess in the draft on
changing up what someone's mid laner can
play like if you like playing over
you'll get it you won't cast there you
get at the same time I don't mind them
trying to change it a little bit just
because I felt like a couple of them
are a little not just like I really
don't like most I'm actually fine with I
just really don't like Thalia and I felt
like that was one that like the minotaur
if I have a hard time knowing exactly
how impactful that's going to be I am
altering the winning that's in soloqueue
I think it's significant I mean I don't
think it's going to kill her but I think
it's significance so I think it's I
think it took a change I don't think any
of these changes and maybe I'll be
completely wrong but like since they
weren't getting targeted a lot in
giraffes to begin with I'm not sure
these changes are going to have the same
or like the impact that they want which
seems to be people picking either more
risky middling picks or like more like
just having a different champion
diversity in that Lane talking and
obviously this is never like a really
good indicator but like talking to a few
mid laners last week you know even
looking at this patch they were kind of
like it doesn't really seem like the
changes we're going to are going to be
significant enough to keep us off of
those champions but again like obviously
if they're testing it out and squirms I
wouldn't know how those are going so I'm
not sure if that sentiment has been
changed a bit um but I guess I don't see
yeah I don't see enough to force like
all of these myths out when it's still
in my opinion more important to focus
target bands in other roles I think one
thing that I like a little bit up a bit
is that it seems to be targeting to an
extent the myths that are super good at
trading early levels and then also just
wait clear forever
so I think that that's a fairly decent
philosophy to have because I don't think
you should really have mid laners that
do that so yes like or Accorsi syndra
pelea yep so how frightening is patch
716 not very frightening okay
so we were saying okay so everything's
going to be fine yeah I mean unless like
the midlane pool ends up with all these
nerves like azir's 'god now let's all
play his ear
well think that's going to happen yeah
all right yeah as I have some thoughts
on mid laners that might be good sort of
this one though argent sensor is still
here so that's a little hand yeah the
only changes like coin is 10% sort of
15% miss Helena now so it's kind of sad
good girls are here to stay all right
moving on na LCS playoffs are this
weekend starting off with some super
hype stuff you want to this is at my
topics I put it in there but mark you're
we're going to be that you guys disc
all right so you've got some teams there
in North America team there c9 and
Dignitas and they are CLG and NV they
are playing on Saturday and on Sunday
game start at 12 p.m. super hype I think
c9 is going to be dig and I think CLG is
going to be in v CL gnv should be pretty
one-sided for the most part based off
how and we look heading into playoffs
CLG wasn't looking that great either but
they look these look a lot better than
NB and then dig Burstein I and both
those things kind of went on Lacy's and
runs but I think c9 has really hit their
form with impact doing reasonably well
and it feels like Dignitas sometimes
sure goes worse top teams yeah
and these are best of fives so suffered
tea or something there yeah one wasn't
sorry that was a little uh fashionable
they just try different things guys so
are we on it rent that c9 s I dig and
study is going to be envied I think the
closer I mean I guess it's hard cuz the
LG
didn't look as furry towards the end of
the split but I think the closer match
will still most likely be c9 thickened
sauce just made so much how MV looks as
well and less CLG is like unable to fix
any of their issues and suddenly fixes
like apple pear issues and like
skyrocket
I think scene I dig will probably be
closer series it's interesting because
the there are aspects that feel like a
disease could be upset but it still
feels like there's a pretty clear answer
in both sides yeah I'm like dick has
certain advantages
I still think and the way the bed like
the dragging setups are pretty good
cloud9 I feel like don't haven't been
playing a strong of winning pick so
they're opening their early so uh it's a
man of course like and these arguably
biggest up it is cold clg's biggest flaw
and Vega although there you go there's
your desk nerd yes you're free of charge
can you just write that wherever is Omar
God's house
yes there we go alright so if twitch
chat could please start filling up the
chat with questions we'll go a little
bit longer on that because we had a
little bit of a shorter show this week
and started quite later but in the
meantime all the questions are coming in
I'm very excited everyone because it is
of course the highlight of the show the
reason everyone to a Emily rands anime
Pick of the Week um for not I know I
didn't forget I'm just trying to figure
out how to introduce the show so it's
really weird remove it
concrete revelry show sorry what is it
that concrete privilege I'm Cree it's
like concrete revolution my name is n
mmm like it yes concrete revolutio
I guess insight say it uh-oh it's - it's
a chew
he's a seasoned so it's about like I
think a total of 25 episodes 26 episodes
if I remember correctly but it basically
follows Japan like post-reconstruction
but also with superheroes and it's like
very weird very zany very cool it's a
little I guess it's a little bit more
episodic than you might expect going
into it and it also has a nonlinear
timeline which is a huge turnoff for a
lot of people so again I'm recommending
this with the understanding that like
probably if if people even do check out
anything I recommend probably half of
them are going to end up hating the show
Japanese Avengers set in the 70s okay
like it starts I believe someone
actually went through because anime fans
are like insane in this way and I'm
saying this like as a good a compliment
someone threw in like made a timeline
that matches up with like the timeline
in this alternate retelling um but
that's kind of like what it is except it
starts like in the 1950s I believe uh in
terms of how the actual timelines match
up it covers a lot of sentiment that was
in Japan around the time of the on both
protests so I mean I found it really
interesting is like an alternate history
retelling kind of things and I think the
conclusions and what happens a bout
superheroes is also kind of interesting
to me personally so it does also have
some flashy animation weird character
designs and stuff like that but just
Kelsey will make fun of me for is like
always kind of the draw if something
ends up looking pretty or just kind of
like cool and weird yeah so it also has
that going for it
I want you next week to recommend a
really ugly anime yeah it's just like
has nothing visually good before I can
do that actually but it would be ugly in
terms of like the reaction to it not
only in terms of whether I think is ugly
yeah animation I want you to find
something really like the animations
shit in this but I really like Tori but
there
yeah oh god yes I haven't lost it myself
but one of my friends actually even
wrote an article and like out how bad
that animation wasn't like what went
wrong in terms with like framerate
dropping all right so questions so a lot
of people are asking who people voted
for MVP I don't think we can I will not
yet but I what I will say is that I
actually so I got an invite to vote for
all that stuff and I abstained for the
split because between the Yahoo stuff
and all that kind of thing I don't think
that I am qualified right now to vote
for anybody so I voted no 1 for MVP and
I abstained and asked them not to my
name on the thing you that you broadcast
you already revealed to the rich really
I don't think Oh riot particularly cares
if you say because I'm going to come out
in time yeah but it's very nice that
they don't like to leave I like waiting
until so like I always prep an article
and I'll be doing the same thing this
year of why I picked my votes and to my
runners-up word and all that stuff so I
think context is really important so I
just want to like spit out names until
it's announced and then I can like
release how I went about two things I
wasn't invited to vote for the NA one
this time so I'm just gonna but the EU
ones were really weird so I might just
not do an article just because they seem
like extremely hipster and then just be
like yeah you know idiot and and you
don't agree with me then you just you
just don't watch the games and you don't
know so didn't we call like a couple
like interesting things and left
what for you because I actually got an
invite for na but not you it's me good
power or Oh sand says they would like
Emily suggestions for animated is
similar to show go geek oh no soma um I
haven't seen it sugar gate if you know
some uh yeah I've only seen the first
episode and I've heard it's really good
but I have not seen it so I wouldn't be
able to and although there was like
another food to animate again I didn't
watch but like a lot of people really
liked and now I'm
what the name of it was so I'm sorry
what waiting I'll sit good I'm using it
mark I had some some of it I was going
to go back to CP things I'm really
saying I like we can't talk necessarily
or you can't talk about who you vote for
but one thing I found really interesting
was the amount of people who mention
Olay but never actually provided an
argument for him where the I made an
argument for Jensen so I made one for
Bjork's and a lot of people who you know
said I prefer Ghent are bjergsen they
said Olli should be over Jensen as well
but not a single person I've seen has
actually made a case for him it's very
curious and it plays weird stuff you
know it's cool right he's very cute
alluring and I I will go out and say I
did actually vote for him but I saw a
lot of people saying that they thought
Old Lace should be over Jensen and I was
like what what like what is what is the
argument there no one made a single
argument for it they just say it I'm
like what the fuck how can you just say
that as well as the fact that and I'm
obviously going to go on a little bit of
a tangent here people are just so bad
about representing people's arguments
correctly tilts the shit out of me yeah
that's the rant that you went on you're
like I'm definitely going to go on a
rant here like no longer tired I don't I
don't I don't want to go off on a
tangent if you're trying to wrap things
up no I mean I'll give you 30 seconds
all right say something so that this
segment that you cut so isn't about the
sealian sex go you should do that
anyways but shit I don't understand like
how people do it like they just they
have no hearing or reading comprehension
like yeah if you want to say do you
think bjergsen spare the jensen go for
it but they're like yeah he didn't talk
about average game time I was like wait
that's like how I prefaced that whole
sentence was they they were tied for
your time out your video on YouTube yeah
well not not my video like there's a
stereocenter salon yeah where someone
with like a beard fin should be the MVP
in Hawaii and they like brought up a
bunch of stuff but Marcus had like out
of context
yes like that was one of them there's
like I even say I don't think Jensen is
the best damage dealer in the league and
that's like one of the points I will
concede but then I like bring up all
those other stats and somehow all anyone
talks about is the damage numbers then
there's like what I keep retweeting
where people are like Jensen Jensen has
more resources look at his gold share on
his team he should
that's why his numbers are better it's
like dude he has the most fucking gold
because he leads the league by 50
fucking kills why why do you think that
gold came from
it's like people's brains don't work and
it's very annoying when that some of
them like that gets like there you go
this your aunt okay I was how do you do
that in emojis so he can make that that
title people's brains don't work you
have is there like a brain emoji I mean
there isn't a brand emoji is it's kind
of weird it would be so good you should
do a video that's anti or like that
that's Mark verse reddit kind of deal
like thorns works really I don't I don't
really care I mean like I made my seems
like you care right now well no I mean
like I'll talk about have them on video
and I don't have to put the effort in
but to like go in and research and talk
about it again like I don't feel like a
lot of the points they brought up or
particularly valid they they made very
good points that yes
bjergsen is a better damage dealer than
Jensen which I agreed with that was
never something I disagreed with so I
don't know it was a better damn jeweler
shouldn't he be MVP mark yes because
that's the only thing that matters and
his teammates are better so that's why
he can't have as good as stats but
that's also why he's more valuable
because it's not like you know if you
replace bjergsen his team does better
but you know mark
well you know he TSM so much you know
you just you shit on bio frauds and try
to pick fights with them and then you
pick those videos over and you want them
to ball a lot of yeah they're they're
they're you know it's like as soon as as
soon as you say something negative
you're a hater
I think Kelsey is very familiar with
this phenomenon yeah I hate a lot of
things that I just I just love c9 so
much even though you know a couple weeks
ago I was saying I think maybe there
coaching staffs overrated you know
whatever I love c9 so much you're like
their coaching staff is overrated
because they get like all discredit when
really it's these gods here players on
their team that is that's amazing I
believe I said it was actually the death
of lane swap that made C not good but
whatever I just don't know why you hate
him so much I hate CLG apparently - yeah
I love TL yeah yes it it's just that
loyalty all right awesome x1 says is
there a chance na LCS expense of 12
teams on 2018 if they get enough good
applications I don't think so so as well
yeah I think it's reasonably likely I
mean they said specifically in the
interview that I did with them that they
were keeping it at 10 so they can always
change their mind but I I just if I was
them I would not expand to 12 I think
that I don't know unless you're making
big format changes which maybe they will
who knows based on the promotion
tournament I think I think the
likelihood of League format changes is
still up in the air - yeah yeah I think
if they make some major changes to
things like important rules or something
like this they might expand but I don't
know how likely that is either yeah yeah
I mean this I think the thing is that
you if you have the current import rules
and you're expanding will lead to like
like I know China already said they're
going to what start with 12 start with
14 13 I think they're promoting another
team and then the yes we're continuing
on until they hit 20 yeah I was gonna
say I know I know 20 is like the end
goal by like the end of 2018 I think
they said but I haven't really said what
they're gonna do
really it's just funny it's like we're
going to continue with this promotion
circuit and then we're going to get 20
more loading and then there's no
explanation whatever but anyway my point
is that you can't compare it to China
because even though North America is
Cara's
I have heard received a ton of
applications probably a lot more than
they had initially perhaps expected um
with China at the very least there's
like an absolute gigantic player base to
draw from and a lot more organizations
in general to statement population in
order to support more teams in North
America I think 12 would be like the
absolute maximum that you would be able
to have for significantly changing
something about the way the league is
grown network in schools or something
like that the fun would you guys have to
have the super boring group format you
know just like suck all of the enjoyment
okay I also so I don't know if you go if
you expand with vest of ones and yada
yada yada I mean it's not that I'm crazy
to think of but there are other
logistical problems like you said with
the player base Batman's hood asks this
will be the last question ask them if
they want to make well I'm not going to
ask if you want to you guys have to do
this which I know Emily and Kelsey
always forget about but make one bold
playoff prediction for na LCS I have one
more request after this traffic okay
but before uh what we can we do this
race one bold playoff prediction
something as a bold prediction if I'm
bold is like more than 50% like saying
Dignitas is going to win it would be a
bold prediction or saying TSM won't make
finals I think would be a bold
prediction or saying I don't know like
there's going to be roster swaps or
something you know I mean I mean our
predictions are weird because it's the
like usually they're good if you
actually believe them but forcing bold
predictions is well okay Woody's like
maybe I'm gonna have some fun chef's
thank you one which I mean I was going
to say maybe IMC making finals as a bold
prediction but I want to feel like
that's a bold prediction you feel like
it's a bold prediction are like totally
based we'll see here's the thing
based on their gameplay IMT is a shoe-in
for finals in
opinion was based on their previous
history they're not and obviously that's
not how you like that's not how you
should be evaluating things but like in
the context of a bold prediction out now
that's a bold prediction or not okay
fine especially to not just our national
history thing with AMT you know I'll
just make that night bold prediction IMT
is going to win na LCS okay that's a
good will predict am let's go
I think that's good okay Kelsie's
assigns he's going to win na LCS Emily
I mean Artur already said mine which is
that they're going to make it I'm old
enough which is that they're going to
make finals I mean it on the other like
quote-unquote bold prediction would be a
bit signet off of vp9
but I don't really mind come on okay
there we go
Emily this Dignitas is going to be c9
market okay Rayna uh immortals doesn't
make it that more or less out of semis
or what is that whole predictions uh
well if they don't make I mean obviously
they only have to play one series to
make it to the finals so yeah they don't
make it out of semi okay okay all right
okay well I'll accept all those as well
predictions they're not that great but
Oh what buck says bullet prediction no
Winston will come out with an
explanation video for why IMT didn't
make final on how they will fix it or it
is if you believe that mortals will win
mark you had a request as we're winding
down uh so I might have missed this
because I saw you tweet about it like
when player makes confident statement
they could get downloaded or something
what was that about
oh so earlier today I and I've seen this
many times before and now obviously the
thread is like number three so and then
people say shot fuckup trials you don't
know what you're talking about but
there's this kind of interesting thing
where I will go to make a title for a
video or an interview and in this case I
interviewed contracts and he said some
stuff about whatever I asked about
junglers and kind of unsolicited
I said how do you think you compare and
you know he I didn't force them or
pressure him to say this you just
suddenly said you know I think I'm
definitely top two right now and the
only one that I have
difficult difficulty with is explicit
and obviously that is a bold statement
and it's just interesting kaduk you know
I tend to keep an eye on stuff when they
go into the reddit queue because
sometimes people say oh there's a typo
or oh there's an issue or whatever or
they just say Travis you suck and I want
to argue with them and it was
interesting he's after 25 or 30 minutes
this thing was just super downloaded and
all the comments in it were like ll this
guy's an idiot or whatever and so you
just get the feeling as though people
see something they disagree with on the
subreddit even though it is like an
interesting conversation point which by
the way I feel like if you look in the
comments right now and you see all this
interesting conversation about who does
deserve to be the best jungler and who
isn't and all this different stuff so I
think you know so when you can say
something controversial it creates a
good conversation everything is
interesting and it just sucks whenever I
see the stuff get down vote so often
like that is a very frequent thing that
happens is somebody says something
interesting and I just gets downloaded
because people don't like it or they
disagree with it and that makes me
disappointed yeah because I mean the
other thing too is I don't even feel
this is a bold statement like I don't
know how mmm look like yeah
Smithee probably is the best in terms of
like making a big early-game impact and
then maybe you can debate like even
though Lera had a worse year in a down
year he still put up really good numbers
and stuff like that you can you can
maybe talk about them I slept with these
a day like he's pretty up there he was
up he was a beast this season yeah yeah
I don't know I mean it's just it's funny
because you would based off of the
reaction people think that that's weird
I think it's maybe just because
contracts is not that popular for player
and so people don't want to believe that
yeah it's just kind of interesting and
help us interesting conversation I mean
it's most it was mostly a one-sided
conversation so I'm not often as people
have notified that I overpower
conversations when I don't need to but
effectively I think that
a lot of narratives and stuff end up
carrying over first of all because of
like the for longer than they're
actually true first of all because of
the way that teens set up narratives
like within reich Broadcasting's and a
bunch of other things like this and so
like people don't want to necessarily
change an established narrative or
challenge an established narrative if
it's been going on for a while and then
also the way that the fan base like has
memories of certain narratives and the
way that certain things stick out to
them and so it remains true even afters
and things have changed like the htk
teamfighting name and bunch of other
things so I think things like contracts
doesn't really do anything and Jensen
has to Solo in lane and solo and
Gaines's like a really strong c---nine
era t'v and parts that are still
somewhat true so I think that was part
of why people don't like contracts
I couldn't your honor yeah I think
that's the things a lot of people just
feel like they're so slowly I see Jensen
doesn't row like yeah I was one of the
main critics of that like way like last
season in this season he's like all over
the map he's doing fine and people just
have such a hard time accepting what's
happening this split for like just this
split yep yep nothing that's true it's
this ain't like this is ye you will
suffer a lot is because even if they
make changes to make the region more
interesting twitch chat reddit everyone
will just spam that he was boring and so
it's kind of this unfortunate thing for
them all right I'll stick around for
maybe 15-20 minutes after the show to
hang out with twitch chat as I normally
do it let's see you some sign ups and
some plugs for things that you guys have
going on in your lives starting off with
Kelsey Moser interesting things going on
with my life just a ton of interviews as
usual you see s progression actually
kind of excited for that um yeah I mean
sing some stuff really sir yeah well
that's exciting that sound really
excited about that Kelsey sounds like
really is there content and promote well
content I don't know I mean I guess I
did a few interviews that I thought were
you started you started a show a kind of
show with someone who has said that he's
going to reclaim his talk-show throne
but she can happily have but that was
really nice of you to just started
competing show yeah yeah yeah narrative
week I don't know the title makes sense
to me but a lot of people are confused
by the title I don't know either
confused so much this is not fans of it
is not that great
it's very talkative I feel like saurons
titles have gotten progressively like
he's each other's along yeah there's
getting more more artsy he's like like I
don't make eSports content I make art
films he does like that my favorite is
if you've seen the content for his like
Thorin side channel where he has like
the soar inquiry yes I have the fun oh
god yes it's like a funny young you
worry
yes tree it would be like questions but
Emily what do you have pretty much
what's going on in your life um so I
actually have a lot of knotweed related
content coming out this week because I
again spent the weekend at the watch
World Cup qualifier but the thing that
I'm going to be ringing the most about
this week should come as a shock to know
on because this LCQ playoff time so an
article that just came out actually on
long do but then also I'm going to be
writing this is something I did
previously I'm going to be writing
requiems
for the teams that get eliminated so a 1
will be written tomorrow I'm not sure
when exactly it will come out but after
the results of match tonight and then
whoever it goes on to face Katie and the
loser of that match I'll also be writing
about that team and their a year I guess
and their worlds chances so yeah the
swords that if you like Korea which I
guess people usually start caring about
riah around this time sort of I feel
Korea has kind of lck it's almost
eclipsed EU LCS and the english-speaking
audience fear it's kind of sad so people
care good job
I mean like at this time I feel like if
when people start like so if they
haven't been watching it maybe they
start caring because teams are starting
to qualify for the World Championship
so I want to thank before you to mark I
am Klee who just sub Danis my 50th sub
for this channel I'm clean and he didn't
even use Twitch prime do it which means
hopefully he'll forget about it for the
next 7 years
mark Zimmerman yep what's going on with
you I'm probably gonna go to the bank
today I got to get a haircut
last week before the playoffs start yeah
is that why you're joining the bank you
better get someone arcing ticket today
oh really yeah again that's just like
$3.00 I've told everybody when they
moved to LA that you just have to build
that into your annual budget because you
just get parking tickets at some point
yeah like oh I parked in my girlfriend's
place for the first time yeah I didn't
realize street-sweeping 8 a.m. on
Mondays fuck me alright so you have a
girlfriend by the way do you think that
those going to affect your ability on
the desk probably okay
there's pledged to not do anything until
marriage
mark mark comes out sorry guys my
analysis has been lacking I've been
indulging in sensual pleasures too much
recently
alright I will be probably putting out a
video this week but I don't know what
it's going to be on yet I have one that
I've been so we talked about that one
time Travis remember over dinner
Simon League of Legends related its
overwatch you don't remember he does not
remember I will the only want video that
we've over talked about doing or the
series that we've talked about doing I'm
not a video with you it's a place that
we had a conversation about overwatch
yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah whenever we went and got the
wingman to that really good place which
by the way we should go to again that
was super good not today
or at any point this week maybe uh but
yeah I might I might just do that
because it's been on my mind a lot
recently because I talked to someone
else about it so maybe do that it's also
won a few semi brakes before there's
anything you need to talk about in
League of Legends so I might do it now
yeah all right that's the show everyone
I have a youtube channel which has a new
name by the way it's not the State
League YouTube channel anymore it is now
officially the Travis cafard YouTube
channel so if you want to check it out
you can do so now and I mean yeah yeah
and everything there says by Travis
cafard so I don't know I feel a has
admitted that he doesn't have a monopoly
on all things state of the League
yeah oh I'd like to also a shout-out
Montecristo for making fun of that
picture and getting more people in here
this episode oh that's cool
nice yeah we did I my youtube channel or
sorry my twitch following seems to be
growing significantly because we broke
we're breaking records every week now so
it's kind of cool anyway thanks everyone
for watching feel free to follow me on
Twitch and on YouTube to get access to
the stuff you can sub there's a support
page Travis got from such support well I
look to figure out what is next and my
life and thank you to all my co-hosts
who do this every week and at some point
in time I've already taken Marc out to
dinner but I owe Emily and Kelsey food
for doing this for free thanks everyone
for watching yeah